After reading the door problem, I think in which the designer, composer, level designer, and writer all sounds so fun to me. I definitely love to create a system for door opening, but I also would like to compose the reaction of the character that the player is controlling. I then would like to use this system to create the level to contextualize such system waiting for the players to interact with, but then I'm also would love to create an awesome theme piece for my games that might hype the players while playing it.I don't really like anything relevant to art as my drawing is terrible, but still I'm interested in the working content as an artist. Publisher or PR or whatever seems a bit boring,I don't like jobs that are irrelevant to making game. Actually I don't know if working in the industry would be the best choice for me, as I would be afraid that I ended up doing repetitive job that I don't like, my ideal job is just designing, but in order to get in that position I might need to spend lots of time while still not getting it. Other than making game, I'm also interested in composing song, singing, acting, or just writing story which are all relevant to what jobs I interested above. I think this might also be a reason that I like game designing as I can do all the things I passionate with at once.
I think the programming part is actually pretty boring from my view...all they are doing is just fulfilling the requirements that others are raising, not much creative sides involve in this aspect, I personally like to create new things instead of just completing a task.

9/20/2022
This week's task has been a tough one, the requirement of exploration game without the collisionns have really made my development progress disastrorous, I've designed many mechanisms that end up realizing that it needs the colliders: I've tried to make a puzzle game where the players have to find their way out with limited view and complete darkness but then I realize the interaction with the item seems to be impossible without the collisionsTrigger. Then I said well maybe the players can somehow control each component of a painting layer by layer to move them and eventually make a fine art painting, but then I realize to detect where each layer should land will also need to rely on the collision.So finally here it goes, I've come up with the idea of by moving the camera will enlarge the background and eventually will ge to see the full picture as a reward. But my drawing skill is just awful so I basically just made a starry night.. I've put my most of the efforts into the 2 animations but somehow when I exported them they were sort of blurry? Not sure why.I was still going to retain the idea of different layers of background and move relatively with the player but the art materials that I currently have does not sustain to manifest such effects. Maybe next time when I get better on my drawing... The drawing is just my nightmare that I refused to mention.

9/28/2022
I think I've overcomplicated the project, I started with strecthing out the map and gathering the ideas of some cool mechanics that could be used in the machine, then I envisioned to do a 3 layers thing that correlate reactions together and eventually come back to the starting point. But also, I was thinking still adding some sort of interaction element inside the game, so I finally decided to use baseball as a topic the player's gonna decide to timing to bat the ball as a sign of start. Torque, gravity or even attraction I've come up with all the forces that I can think of, but then when I truly start to play with Unity's Physical engine my nightmare began. The unity does not aways do what I told it to do, the mass and force is tricky that I always found it confusing why this question or that question occurs. Due to the unfamiliarity and the time restraint, I cut the last floor and the application of toruqes in the level. It's little pittiful, but hey, now I know next time I should be restrained more on my scopes and try to familiarize more on physical engine if you really wannt to make awesome works within a week! Next time I think maybe the design and the development should be underway on the same time, which can give me a clear vision on the fine amount of works that I can finish while kept on adjusting my design to prevent overscopes. 

10/5/2022
For this week's idea to come out, I didn't actually spend too much time on figuring out as I immediately thought of somethings that correspond well to what I was drawing: If my scene was depicting a night view of hudson rivers with lots of lights in it, How about I diminish all of the lights to let the whole scen back to darkness? The reason why I came out with this idea is because I stil contrived to sort of integrate the interactive elements with the previous work's idea of being a simple appreciation of view, so in order to fulfill this I thought it would be funny to somehow find a mecahnism that deals with changing the scene while destroying all the light sources. Then naturally, I think of breakout and conceive all the light source as the blocks that player needs to break. In the next week, I think I mainly need to aim for adding more variety of blocks: blocks that bounce the ball even further, blocks that stick the ball, block that spins after getting etc. to really mess up with the view itself, to bring more disorder to the painting and thus make players more engaged with the games. 

10/12/2022j
After last week for me to figure out the mechanics, I then soon began to elaborate on that. Thought the bricks hitting itself is already a funny game for me to play, I still want to elaborate more on that. I felt like the game was a little bit too easy as the ball can endlessly be bounced off by the paddle and there is no a clear thing for the players to do. Because of that, I pondered and realized I could come up with eliminating all the street lights as the main aim for the game, and the restraint that I may add the player can simply be shrinking the size of the ball till it vanishes, which gives a countdown effect to the game and more tactics involved. Moreover, I've decied to set different types of lights to be in different HP so some bricks would be easier to penetrate whereas some may not so giving fuller flexibility to the level design, and also balls that can be activated after getting hit which is a way to vitalize the players again. However, due to the time constraint I think I put too many constraints on the player which eventuallly makes the game super hard, I should add different materials for the bricks as well and carefully think about the whole structure of the level so that the game can be less frustrating and more carefully planned. 

10/19/2022
I actually have spent tons of time on finding the topic of this week's work, I firstly wanting to make a narrative game, but then I realize that it's pretty hard for me to write a story within 1 week and that will hurt my brain so much. Then my professor Marry enlightened me to do some mechanics that you want to learn but not necessarily inked to uniqueness, just something you're passionate about. So I did it, I sorta realized I've played lots of roguelike game, so I thought, why don't I seize this chance to see how the roguelike game is actually made? My biggest issue might be with the coding during the development, in which I want to fulfill the functions of generating the boss room which is hardest to get there by the player, but I've always met some generated landscape that failed on doing this:if I tried the furthest room, sometimes it has more than 1 entrance; if I tried the single entrance room, the distance might be too short. But I eventually after continually adjusting my codes, I still managed to do that, pretty accomplishing. In the next week, I hoped I can developed a mature combat system or also the boss!Hope everything goes well.
As for the question, I am actually curious on how to make enemy AI in a game.

11/4/2022
I know this may sound surprising, but even though I've extended my prooject a week, I've still got lots of things to work on this week. I finish the addition of the combat system, the collision detection of the players and monsters,the animations for both of them, and the clear screen for the game. The hardest part for me I think would efinitely be figuring out the whole combat system, as it requires the intersection between animation and the collision detection and therefore incurring lots of conflicts that took me hours and hours to fix it. Besides that the pathfinding of unity is just not intuitive at all, there's no a funtion like what gamemaker does to simply just invoke it and you're pretty much done, I have to import the A* pathfinder and learned it by myself of their own syntax. This forces me to spend lots of time to incorporate the combat system and the UI system into my current procedural generation system. I've also spent my time  in designing the losing screen and its UI. Overall I still think this task is pretty rewarding as I've learned so much simply by learning how to copy the roguelike mechanics, I learned the combat systm, the mini map generator, procedural generatotr, pathfinding, and even the UI. Though these systems require me lots of extra works, I still happy to see my final work to really come true and playable. Next time, I might work on improving the collisions between the rgidbodies of players and monsters as right now the player can actually push the monsters aside instead of pushing over them, I should think of away to stop letting them push eahc other while combating, and I should consider add special effects and different ways of attacking just a bit like emble knight or vampire survivors. 